

JNestor: another majordomo in java
----------------------------------

This is a project in development, so documentation is still sparse. 

The good news are that I am plenty of time to attend to the 
mailing list, so I don't mind to answer to whatever question 
you may ask. Feel free to ask them to jnestor-general@lists.sourceforge.net.

Version 3.0
-----------

Release: 2012-05-19

	- The problem with the connection with Mantis is finnaly 
	solved using the stub classes for SOAP connection instead
	of the MantisConnect library. In the way to this change, 
	developed using strict mysql sentences where developed. 
	- The action resend is a troublemaker for Windows systems. 
	Various objects for resend have been developed in order to 
	allow the user to choose the one who works better
	- There are two classes developed in groovy that allows 
	customization of the application easyly. One of the 
	objects is called CustomMailPreprocessor and is executed 
	before the issue is added into mantis, and allow the user 
	to reject some mail messages based on the content, address, etc. 
	The other class is CustomizableAction and is an example 
	of custom action made in groovy. This customizable action 
	adds a custom field.

Version 1.2
-----------

Release: 2012-02-20

    - I detected a problem with the resend part of the custom 
    actions of mantis: it doesn't resend the file properly. 
    I've fixed allowing to resend in text/html format instead 
    of using pure text sending. 
    - Moreover, there were some problems with the configuration: 
    the texts were badly composed, and the final result in mantis 
    wasn't good: I think it was caused by the fact that those texts
    were copied from a properties file to a mantis file and they 
    weren't working well
    
    
Version 1.1
-----------

Release: 2012-02-07

    - I've suppressed the file jnestor-config.properties and
      integrate it into the config file of spring (applicationContext.xml)
      Now the configuration its done changing parts of this file.



Version 1.0
-----------

Release: 2012-02-04

    - Development of the core of the project
    - Development of the mantis mail processor (MailProcessorMantis) 
      and various actions: Archive -to archive messages-, 
      Deleter -to delete messages-, Resend -to resend some 
      messages to other accounts or forward the messages-

Future directions: 

    - Improve the mantis actions to detect if they are from a 
      new issue or a follow-up of an existing one (a new note):
      this could make the actions be more precise in their doings
